all right so back in the 70s there was
this bad dude named Charles Bronson who
was the epitome of what you wanted your
dad to be like whenever you fight about
your dad beating up someone else's dad
this is the guy you wanted to show up or
in some cases anyone at all
anyways eli Ralphie to remake to one of
this dude's biggest franchises it seems
like I don't know Republicans are loving
it I think it's a decent rent it's a
decent like action vigilante thriller
flick that actually has Bruce Willis
showing some emotions let me explain so
Bruce Willis is a surgeon he's got a
beautiful wife he's got a daughter who's
about to go to college his brother's the
kingpin but that still doesn't stop
tragedy from hitting him it actually
takes place in Chicago since if you
don't know Chicago is known as chiraq
for the amount of killings that they got
there I actually live in Chicago but I
live in the West suburb since uh I'm
smart enough to not live next door to a
bullet in fact this dude lives in
Evanston since he's super rich the place
that I wanted to move to when I'm older
yeah not anymore the robbers that come
to his house were actually tipped off by
a vial a dude who snatched the address
from a car's GPS when he was returning
it to them which is why I always South
Park
and while Willis is not at work he's
doing his surgery these robbers come to
the house they're off his wife they put
his daughter in a coma and worst of all
they steal his watches that look super
dope as you know Hanks sucks at cracking
down bad guys that are like right in
front of him so Bruce Willis just steals
a gun from a patient that that comes in
he becomes this hooded Batman that goes
to save the streets of Chicago and there
I say becomes unbreakable now I know a
lot of people see this as a pro-gun
movie and some people see it as the take
justice into your own hands kind of
movie and to be completely honest it uh
yeah it kinda is but like they also
absurdly point out in the movie that
it's harder to get Szechuan sauce from
McDonald's and it is to get a rifle and
Willis is even like I if y'all gonna let
all these other fools get guns and then
you ain't even gonna protect my family
will shoo I'm a Glock up my man
literally learns how to use a gun off
YouTube videos he ends up becoming a
viral YouTube video and he starts
cleaning up the streets of Gotham City
with his 9 obviously people start
talking about this I kid you not
freaking red epic footage that a girl
shot on her Motorola phone and it poses
a question to a lot of people
is he right or wrong for taking justice
into his own hands the movie even got
sway who's gaining from Chicago each on
Detroit but he appears throughout the
movie just to argue how he's wrong ha
wait take but if I were to explain my
thoughts I just think it's funny that uh
the same people complaining about this
movie find it okay that Batman goes out
and he beats up people when he takes it
into his own hands I mean it's not like
he's killing minorities which some
people say right ain't killing brown
people like myself in fact he's helping
them like there's this one kid in the
movie who's getting harassed by a
freakin ice-cream man and if you if you
find the pilot dead oh man and si said
oh that dudes just selling bootlegs and
Gatorades but when you go down to angle
would that man's got kids selling
cannabis crunch pops
so of course Willis goes in there since
the council ain't doing anything and
just straight-up sicarios the dude I'm
not saying that violence is away I am
just saying that people are smart enough
to differentiate a movie from real life
hence why no one joined the circus after
this movie he tracks down the killers he
takes out two at a pawn shop gives the
other one the Midas touch and then goes
full John wick at a club with the final
dude and I was telling you this man is
literally unbreakable since he's getting
a bunch of bullets blasted through him
and all he's got is our bathroom stall
door protecting him he gets out of that
place with like just a scratch goes back
home fixes himself with us by the end of
the movie he's bringing his daughter
back home from the hospital and that
final robber hires like an entire SWAT
team they come into his house armored
like they're playing black ops or
something Willa's hits him with the old
monster under the bed trick sicarios the
final do like he did the ice cream man
and now his house has more holes than a
year oh gosh wait he then uses his
break-in to cover up his tracks and any
leads that the cops had to think that he
was the vigilante and the cops are super
understanding and just go I we then
learned that the one thing that will
truly bring peace and satisfaction to
Chicago is none other than pizza that
deep stuff did you like this movie or
did you hate it let me know down below
in the comments sections I'm a big fan
of the originals I don't think I some
really dumb stuff now that you watch it
in 2018 and we are as progressive as it
can be but uh this new one I you know
it's it's a little revenge thriller it
ain't saying everybody's got to go out
and buy guns there's a
there's actually a dude who goes in
there buys a gun thinks he's gonna be
like the next vigilante man gets killed
super quick doesn't respond so that's
just the movie I'm curious to know your
thoughts let me know what other movies
you I'm gonna cover down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe
and I'll send you a slice of that za
that Hank was eating at the end of the
movie